README.md, before:

Rails Admin Import functionality
========

Plugin functionality to add generic import to Rails Admin interface

Installation
========

* First, add to Gemfile:
    
        gem "rails_admin_import", :git => "git://github.com/stephskardal/rails_admin_import.git"

* Next, mount in your application by adding following line to your config/routes.rb:

        mount RailsAdminImport::Engine => '/rails_admin_import', :as => 'rails_admin_import'

* Add to cancan to allow access to import in your app/models/ability.rb:

        can :import, [User, Model1, Model2]

* Define configuration in config/initializers/rails_admin.rb:

        RailsAdminImport.config do |config| 
          config.model User do
            excluded_fields do
              [:field1, :field2, :field3]
            end
            label :name
            extra_fields do
              [:field3, :field4, :field5]
            end
          end
        end

* (Optional) Define instance methods to be hooked into the import process, if special/additional processing is required on the data:

        # some model
        def before_import_save(row, map)
          self.set_permalink
          self.import_nested_data(row, map)
        end

        def after_import_save(row, map)
          
        end

* "import" action must be added inside config.actions block in main application RailsAdmin configuration: config/initializers/rails_admin.rb.

        config.actions do
          ...
          import
          ...
        end

  Refer to [RailAdmin documentation on custom actions](https://github.com/sferik/rails_admin/wiki/Actions) that must be present in this block.


* TODO: Right now, import doesn't work for fields ending in s, because inflector fails in models ending in s singularly. Belongs_to and many
  mapping needs to be updated to use klasses instead of symbols

TODO
========

* Testing

Copyright
========

Copyright (c) 2011 End Point & Steph Skardal. See LICENSE.txt for further details.

Commit message:

Updated README with request for contributors.

README.md, after:

Request for Contributors / Core Contributors
========

I apologize for my extreme lack of attention to this repository since it was created. I see that several users have forked this gem and applied updates. I'd be interested in giving core push access to this main repository for any interested in being involved in maintaining it. Please contact me if you are interested at steph at endpoint dot com. 


Rails Admin Import functionality
========

Plugin functionality to add generic import to Rails Admin interface

Installation
========

* First, add to Gemfile:
    
        gem "rails_admin_import", :git => "git://github.com/stephskardal/rails_admin_import.git"

* Next, mount in your application by adding following line to your config/routes.rb:

        mount RailsAdminImport::Engine => '/rails_admin_import', :as => 'rails_admin_import'

* Add to cancan to allow access to import in your app/models/ability.rb:

        can :import, [User, Model1, Model2]

* Define configuration in config/initializers/rails_admin.rb:

        RailsAdminImport.config do |config| 
          config.model User do
            excluded_fields do
              [:field1, :field2, :field3]
            end
            label :name
            extra_fields do
              [:field3, :field4, :field5]
            end
          end
        end

* (Optional) Define instance methods to be hooked into the import process, if special/additional processing is required on the data:

        # some model
        def before_import_save(row, map)
          self.set_permalink
          self.import_nested_data(row, map)
        end

        def after_import_save(row, map)
          
        end

* "import" action must be added inside config.actions block in main application RailsAdmin configuration: config/initializers/rails_admin.rb.

        config.actions do
          ...
          import
          ...
        end

  Refer to [RailAdmin documentation on custom actions](https://github.com/sferik/rails_admin/wiki/Actions) that must be present in this block.


* TODO: Right now, import doesn't work for fields ending in s, because inflector fails in models ending in s singularly. Belongs_to and many
  mapping needs to be updated to use klasses instead of symbols

TODO
========

* Testing

Copyright
========

Copyright (c) 2011 End Point & Steph Skardal. See LICENSE.txt for further details.
